get ready to laugh let's learn English
with this hilarious and famous scene
from friends the test so this is really
great scene where they play a game to
see which of the friends knows each
other best so we get to learn a lot of
very funny facts about each of the
characters and if you're new here every
single week we help learners like do you
understand natives without getting lost
without missing the jokes and without
subtitles stuff do you want to be able
to do that too then I highly recommend
you hit that subscribe button and the
bell down below to not miss a single one
of our new lessons now let's watch the
clip I just can't believe that you think
you and Chandler know me everything show
better than we know you well we do this
is a long scene so this lesson only
covers half of it we will be publishing
a part two of this lesson next week if
you're watching this lesson after we
have published that then you will find
it linked at the top and down in the
description below and I'm still write so
not true she's mad because I know
today's her laundry day and that means
she's wearing her old lady Underpants
I just can't believe that you think you
and Chandler know me and Rachel better
than we know you well we do you can only
a tic tacs in even numbers yeah what's
that about here you can hear an informal
but very common use of the word so to
give emphasis or intensity to an
adjective or as in this case to a
negative statement so not true check out
these other examples I believe if you
check Rachel's bag you will find a
half-eaten box of cookies in there
so not impressed everybody snacks from
the shop yeah hey I'm really sorry about
that phone call
no it is so not fine I was a jerk she's
mad because I know today's her laundry
day and that means she's wearing her old
lady Underpants laundry day refers to
the day of the week on which you would
normally choose to do laundry
in other words wash your clothes Joey's
implying that because Monica is washing
all her clothes including her underwear
she must be wearing her least favorite
underwear which Joey describes as old
lady Underpants for their lack of
attractiveness and he's saying that she
is mad because he knows that if you're
mad at somebody you are very angry or
infuriated because of somebody be
careful not to confuse this with Mads
other definition which means crazy
example I'm mad at my little sister for
borrowing my car without asking his
excessively long work hours have made
him go mad I just can't believe that you
think you and Chandler know me and
Rachel better than we know you well we
do you can only tic tacs in even numbers
tic-tac is a famous brand of small hard
mints that is very small candies that
are often consumed as an after meal
refreshment or before business and
social engagements to improve breath
odor an even number is an integer which
can always be divided by 2 for example 2
4 6 8 10 12 etc if a number cannot be
divided by two it is an odd number so 1
3 5 7 etc Chandler is confused over the
fact that Monica appears to only eat tic
tacs in even numbers that is she can't
eat them one at a time
you can only eat tic tacs in even
numbers yeah what's that about
yeah what's that about you can only tic
tacs in even numbers yeah what's that
about what's that about is another way
of asking for the reason why something
or somebody is the way it is so how does
this game work hey do you love learning
English with friends well we've helped
thousands of learners just like you
understand natives and improve their
English fluency and with our premium
course fluent with friends you can get a
free taste of this right now by signing
up for our three-part mini course just
click up here or down in the description
below and become the next learner that
we help to get fluent with friends and
you Ross I believe if you check Rachel's
bag you will find a half-eaten box of
cookies in there you're good these are
not everybody snacks when they shop yeah
oh yeah Ross how many items left in that
bag five okay ten bucks says that we can
name every item in that bag six
Challenge extended deal challenge
accepted a half-eaten box of cookies
refers to a box of cookies that has been
opened and that somebody has eaten half
of the cookies in it we can use this for
many foods a half-eaten banana a
half-eaten jar of olives a half-eaten
bag of candy a half-eaten steak
so not interest everybody snacks from
the shop yeah
as a noun a snack is a small amount of
food eaten between meals in Rachel's
sentence
everybody snacks when they shop she's
saying the verb to snack which means
basically to eat a snack example
snacking leads to weight gain we can
also turn this into a phrasal verb to
snack on something example
come on Cotters snacking on pretzels
before dinner Ross how many items left
in that bag if there is a certain amount
of something left there's a mount of
something that is still remaining when
all the rest has already been consumed
or used what is your next flight to
London I can't believe Ross is going on
Rachel's system but Chandler made out
with my sister I was mad at him for 10
years that was like five years ago yeah
you got five years left Ross how many
items left in that bag five okay ten
bucks says that we can name every item
in that bag buck is a colloquial way to
refer to paper money especially the
dollar since that's the currency in the
United States well you must be Scott oh
hello ma'am nice to finally see your
face
well better go hit those books hold it
right there young man this is for
helping out my husband Wow
fifty bucks Merry Christmas when
Chandler says that ten bucks says we can
name every item in that bag he's just
trying to bed ten dollars over guessing
correctly all the items still remaining
in the bag ten bucks says that we can
name every item in that bag
six as a noun a guess is an attempt to
give the right answer when you are not
certain if you are correct
Ross is asking how many attempts Joey
and Chandler think they'll need in order
to get everything right
six challenge extended as you probably
noticed Ross is now trying to
impersonate or pretend that he is a TV
game show host by speaking in an
exaggerated way that you can normally
here on these TV programs do you watch
any game shows on TV in your country
what are they like share it in the
comments below six challenge extending
by saying challenge extended the way he
does he thinks he's just playfully
informing the other contestant Monica
that a challenge has been extended to
her to extend in this case means to
offer or give something to somebody an
example he extended an invitation to the
party to her challenge extended
deal challenge accepted in this context
to deal is to do business with somebody
if used as a noun as Monica death it
means to come to an agreement in a
negotiation if we want to negate the
offer in a negotiation we can simply say
No Deal
my niches just a little scratch I think
we should get separate beds yes a
mini-fridge and separate beds
hey if this lesson is making you laugh
then I highly recommend that you check
out this other lesson where we get to
learn all sorts of different secrets of
how the gang of from friends all right
we'll start with apples will be starting
with apples stop that now yes okay
tortilla chips yogurt diet soda yes yes
yes or shoes have another guest
hey have another guest hey have another
guest okay what we won that one no no
not for like another two weeks even
though we can't hear what Chandler is
time Joey because of what Joey says next
no no not for like another two weeks we
can guess he's referring to tampons I
got it scotch tape
how did you know she would buy scotch
tape well we used up theirs last night
making scary faces man all right
ten bucks fork it over cough it up
pay the piper gimme it that does not
mean you know us better I want a rematch
yeah none of these stupid grocery
questions real personal questions scotch
tape is a transparent adhesive tape used
for gluing or sticking things together
this name actually comes from a popular
brand in the USA scotch but we use it to
refer to any brand of tape I got it
scotch how did you know she would buy
scotch tape well we used up theirs last
night making scary faces use up is a
phrasal verb meaning to use the
remainder of something to finish it
example I used up the rest of the
ketchup so remember to add it to the
shopping list we can imagine that Joey
and Chandler were passing the time by
using tape to alter their faces like in
this picture man all right
ten bucks fork it over cough it up
pay the piper gimme it here you can hear
three very informal ways to refer to the
action of paying money to fork it over
and to cough it up mean to pay money for
something especially reluctantly and
while pay the piper could also be
interpreted more literally it actually
refers more to bearing the consequences
of an action or activity that one has
enjoyed it's often co-located as it's
time to pay the piper example we enjoyed
the champagne and caviar with our lunch
but we didn't enjoy it as much when it
was time to pay the piper all right
ten bucks fork it over cough it up fork
it over
all right
ten bucks fork it over cough it up pay
the piper gimme gimme gimme
[Music]
that does not mean you know us better I
want a rematch
a rematch is a second game that has
played between two people or teams
especially if the first game was unfair
for some reason to give the losing team
another chance of winning I want a
rematch
none of these stupid grocery questions
ya know these stupid grocery questions
yeah none of these stupid grocery
questions real personal questions in
this case Monica and Rachel just think
this situation wasn't fair because the
questions and subject grocery shopping
were too irrelevant so they think they
can also guess facts directly about the
guys lives and they want another chance
of playing it they want a rematch
you know what you guys it's the first
time why don't we just forget about them
we'll pay Monica I had another answer
already
and you know what we want a rematch well
that's fine with me could use some money
and the winner gets a hundred bucks
serious are you scared no who makes up
the questions Russell do it so the part
two of this lesson when half the rematch
is really hilarious
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already so you don't miss hat next week
if it is already available then you will
find it linked at the top and below this
video in the description alright great
job today now it's time to test
everything that you learned you can do
that by watching the full scene without
subtitles and you'll find that down in
the description below also please
support our channel by hitting that like
button and subscribing so you don't miss
a single one of our new lessons
check out that mini course that I told
you about so that you can take your
fluency into the next level also I have
two videos here that I think you'll
really enjoy now it's time to go beyond
the classroom and live your English aha
yeah